what's going on man is wily coyote we
got we go green ohio rebel with the
digiwaxx man
used to know more fresh noodle Elmo
glory got the girls outside saying oh my
lord he looks so fresh so
less money you know what
solana we are here in the water it's
going say it's going really digital
stupid food refresh and we swaging it
out oh did you wax can you say no go get
help for me from day one did you ask the
very final to say you get our own
digiwaxx really has to start your career
why but they gonna ship everything out
they're gonna shoot all the finger shoot
all the music out that you bring on but
DJ all over the world to get the get
date you know say nail pinion and you
know let you know if you gotta hit
enough so did you wax I go so long to
bid you a good day 1 i'm giving him hit
and now you know about your phone so
i'll lead how vital do you think did you
access to the djs so the DJ that you
ain't or did you wax weyn or not the
right now cerrado deficit over the game
every DJ out there no you can't get no
more CD's in the mail
you know no labels president mp3's the
whole way to go did you know you got it
definitely not in the game at all
that's right shout out my boys I did you
a son or a really getting it on attend
the truth no hospital here man me and
every a man like brothers like could not
saying I said I playing a video game
with the coast i retreat this man they
had to come in and ask for ricoh great i
will but I mean he cut me and I mean
he's super loud hey what Rico in turn
around singing boy so they write the
electric motor Mercedes a permit
oriented organization and when they
believe in you they will go hard like
did you wax I'm not esa is a record come
they don't go so hard for you to make
sure everybody knows the same people
that made meals hot saying people is
gonna make me
CL shoutouts last question you guys last
question and five years where do you
think you see the music industry do you
see it going more towards the digital
what's going on what's in your mind
visitor because yeah because you know
saying it's already a race you seated
everybody really bootleg this is what
rock group and arrow so you know you
can't beat them you gonna have to join
them in some way and I mean so I really
see it going digital a lot of people
find a lot of Records often you know the
Internet I even got a couple plans and
marketing schemes grow because we're
really a lot of people are just now
saying yeah I do allows for those
countries
day my mom and Molly and innovate
without all the cookies and all the
height you don't say go off by ourselves
so I got some scheme on the digital
aspect you can call me Jetson see he's
swagga doshas sweat out food wagon
everything is real
shall I read you know saying how he was
I don't already right there you see see
see it's not a game we got to be running
nearby the face down here so as we speak
Tony tell me Neal real that most addy
days holla at your boy these wax you
only all right we are some girls pay
that reckon we're all over the world
bubblegum everybody was banging it
download it drops right now for your
next mixtape I know you watching this
online just going over to downgrade
snowboy expression download it over and
over again and we are DJs out there do
understand the record labels more
reading your comments on Disney wax a
lot of y'all please a lot of crazy
comments you understand that we look at
that feedback and study their feet yes
we do plus it be mad at you could set me
out sup sake way from kir a gross and I
come out something else
all I can say we all over the world
Japan konichiwa bitches I'm saying
pretty boy myspace backslash our sec 06
others Grammys ricco barrino we need
beer where can they reach you at Walid
myspace watch Max last wily coyote okaee
thank you ladies I let me I'm in the gym
in the kitchen so we out spin mode did
you wax I see that's it let's go